intro.md, before:

### Canadian Ice Thickness Program Data

This application presents the Ice Thickness Program data gathered by 
Environment Canada between 1947 and 2014. Ice thickness measurements were 
reported at various times by up to 195 reporting stations, with a few reporting 
ice thicknesses for over 50 years.

The data set (comprising station locations and measurement data) was downloaded 
from [the Environment Canada website](https://www.ec.gc.ca/glaces-ice/?lang=En&n=E1B3129D-1), 
where the measurement methodology and other supporting informatin can be 
viewed.

You may browse the entire data set by viewing the "Data" tab, or you may see 
the station locations on a map in the "Map" tab. The map tab also displays a 
"boxplot" of all the ice thickness data gathered by the stations visible in 
the bounds of the map with a linear trend line with 95% confidence shading 
superimposed.

This application has not been produced in affiliation with or with the 
endorsement of the Government of Canada.

Commit message:

Fixed intro.md grammar and added information about the date filter. Fixed indenting in server.R and removed commented-out code.

intro.md, after:

### Canadian Ice Thickness Program Data

This application presents the Ice Thickness Program data gathered by 
Environment Canada between 1947 and 2014. Ice thickness measurements were 
reported at various times by up to 195 reporting stations, with a few reporting 
ice thicknesses for over 50 years.

The data set (comprising station locations and measurement data) was downloaded 
from [the Environment Canada website](https://www.ec.gc.ca/glaces-ice/?lang=En&n=E1B3129D-1), 
where the measurement methodology and other supporting information can be 
viewed.

You may browse the entire data set by viewing the "Data" tab, or you may see 
the station locations on a map in the "Map" tab. The map tab also displays a 
"box plot" of all the ice thickness data gathered by the stations visible in 
the bounds of the map with a linear trend line with 95% confidence shading 
superimposed. The date range of the box plot can be modified using the slider 
present on the map tab.

This application has not been produced in affiliation with or with the 
endorsement of the Government of Canada.
